Add migrate histories timeline detail (#2153)
travis-ci/docs-travis-ci-com: user/open-source-repository-migration.md

The following information will not be transferred to travis-ci.com when a repository is migrated.

* Cron jobs configured for the repository

> * Previous build history - your builds at travis-ci.org will stay where they are for now and they will be migrated at a later time (We're aiming for complete build histories to be migrated by January 2019)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previous build history - your builds from before the migration to travis-ci.com will remain on travis-ci.org until the  complete build- history migration sometime in January 2019)
```
